[FM v0.8.0]--Add doc for VPA (#201)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/scaling.md

     - [7] `selectPolicy`: can be `Min`, `Max` or `Disabled` and specifies which value from the policies should be selected. By default, it is set to `Max` value.

  2. Apply the configurations.

      ```bash
      kubectl apply -f path/to/function-sample.yaml
      ```

### VPA(Vertical-pod-autoscaling)

Vertical scaling means assigning more resources (for example: memory or CPU) to the Pods that are already running for the workload.

#### How it works

With Kubernetes [Vertical Pod Autoscaler (VPA)](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler), Function Mesh supports automatically update the requested resources(memory and cpu) of Pods (Pulsar instances) that are required to run Pulsar functions, sources, and sinks based on analysis of historical resource utilization, amount of resources available in the cluster and real-time events, such as OOMs.

- the Recommender is a new component which consumes utilization signals and OOM events for all Pods in the cluster from the Metrics Server, it:

  1. watches all Pods, keeps calculating fresh recommended resources for them and stores the recommendations in the VPA objects.

>   2. exposes a synchronous API that takes a Pod description and returns recommended resources.

Author: hm, they are copied from the official readme of VPA, so I think it's ok to keep it?

- the VPA Admission Controller controls all pod creation requests, If the Pod is matched by any VerticalPodAutoscaler object, the admission controller overrides resources of containers in the Pod with the recommendation provided by the VPA Recommender. If the Recommender is not available, it falls back to the recommendation cached in the VPA object.

- the VPA Updater is a component responsible for real-time updates of Pods. If a Pod uses VPA in "Auto" mode, the Updater can decide to update it with recommender resources.

> ![Architecture](./assets/vpa-architecture.png)

Author: this one comes from the official repo of VPA: https://github.com/kubernetes/design-proposals-archive/blob/main/autoscaling/vertical-pod-autoscaler.md#architecture-overview

  pod:
    vpa:
      updatePolicy:
        updateMode: "Auto"       --- [2]
      resourcePolicy:
        containerPolicies:
        - containerName: "*"     --- [3]
          minAllowed:            --- [4]
            cpu: 200m
            memory: 100Mi
          maxAllowed:            --- [5]
            cpu: 1
            memory: 1000Mi

  # Other function configs
```

- [1] `replicas`: it should be >= a minimal value(default 2) to make VPA can update the pod and ensure that at least (minimalValue - 1) pod is alive during resource updating, you can change the minimal value in `pod.vpa.updatePolicy.minReplicas`.
- [2] `updateMode`: the update mode defines the behaviour of the VPA Updater, for `Auto` and `Recreate` it will recreate pod when resource recommendation is changed, for `Initial` it will only assigns resources on pod creation, for `Off`, it will do nothing to pod but just save the recommendation resources in VPA object
- [3] user can specify different resource policy for different containers, `*` means for all containers,
- [4] the min recommended resources
- [5] the max recommended resources

##### Enable VPA on requests resources only

> Below is an example to update pod request resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests define the minimum amount of resources that containers need. This example shows how to update Pods based on resource requests.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: compute.functionmesh.io/v1alpha1
kind: Function
metadata:
  name: function-sample-vpa
  namespace: default
spec:
  image: streamnative/pulsar-functions-java-sample:2.9.2.23
  className: org.apache.pulsar.functions.api.examples.ExclamationFunction
  forwardSourceMessageProperty: true
  maxPendingAsyncRequests: 1000
  replicas: 2
  pod:
    vpa:
      updatePolicy:
        updateMode: "Auto"
      resourcePolicy:
        containerPolicies:
        - containerName: "*"
          controlledValues: "RequestsOnly"  --- [1]

  # Other function configs
```

> - [1] the Recommender will only control the **requests** resources, not including **limits** resources, you can change it to `RequestsAndLimits` to control them both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [1] `controlledValues`: the VPA Recommender controls the resource **requests**. To control both the requests and limits,  you can set it to `RequestsAndLimits` 
```

> ##### Enable VPA on cpu resources only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Enable VPA based on CPU resources
```

> Below is an example to update pod request resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to update Pods based on CPU resource requests.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: compute.functionmesh.io/v1alpha1
kind: Function
metadata:
  name: function-sample-vpa
  namespace: default
spec:
  image: streamnative/pulsar-functions-java-sample:2.9.2.23
  className: org.apache.pulsar.functions.api.examples.ExclamationFunction
  forwardSourceMessageProperty: true
  maxPendingAsyncRequests: 1000
  replicas: 2
  pod:
    vpa:
      updatePolicy:
        updateMode: "Auto"
      resourcePolicy:
        containerPolicies:
        - containerName: "*"
          controlledResources: ["cpu"]   --- [1]

  # Other function configs
```

> - [1] the Recommender will only control the **CPU** resources, you can add **memory** to the array to control it too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [1] `controlledResources`: the VPA Recommender controls the **CPU** resources. To control memories, you can add **memory** to the array.
```
